hey what's up you guys I'm Peyton
Pearson from the channel dash 529 and my
tip is that we do whatever you feel like
doing no one out there can judge you and
you can only do
hey guys what's up in sick clothes here
my first time I VidCon I'm having a
great time meeting all these great
youtubers you can check me out on
youtube I am sick clothes and also check
out your social place that's every day
for your daily stats and everything man
I'm having a great time here at VidCon
make sure you guys come here next year
man
so I'm here at the social blade booth at
VidCon I'm Danny fratello my channel is
youtube.com slash Danny Priscilla and my
tip is to optimize your video thumbnails
about people are more likely to click on
them from related videos and search
results and things like that
yo yo everybody generic being here
youtuber and social blade addict I'm on
that site more times than I can count
and to give you guys a tip for all of
the you know you new youtubers that are
starting out what I suggest consistency
is key make a video make it the highest
quality you possibly can and keep doing
it over and over and over and over again
and that is going to get you where you
want to go and beyond